Taksi Dev Notes
6/21/2006

OPEN QUESTIONS:
why use HeapAlloc instead of new for allocs ? seems the same to me.

KNOWN BUGS:
switching hook not always working correctly. 2 instances of the same app?
Should auto prefer graphics hook over opengl over GDI hook. 
GDI indicator drawn over overlapped windows. bleeds through.
Some Codecs MUST have mult of 4 input even tho they dont fail. MSMPEG4
Some codecs use profiles requiring precise size/format to work.

TODO:
fix installer to default to install for all and ask if they want desktop icon ?
Allow GUI adjust of the size of the background thread Q
Support DirectShow plugin codec to get Theora support
Need message explaining focus changing/hooking.
Audio
Graphics Mode Text overlay - display frame rate/ Megs of data written as text on live window
Better frame rate/weight calculation ?
makefile, Manual.txt completely out of date!
Context sensative help file.
AVI doesnt understand < 1 FPS ??
render the mouse cursor in graphics modes.
Support auto switch to alternate codec if codec fails ?
Suggest codecs appropriate to desired CPU usage. MSMpeg4v3 seems good.

crc diff uncompressed frames with last. compress to empty frame.
put command menu in the sysmenu of the hooked app ?
TEST- hook callbacks might not be on the same thread? protect from multithread problems
Comment tag inside AVI file. TAKSI vX date + user comments?
Can we use the DirectX JPEG/PNG compressor for screen shots ??
AVI may not be the best format. has too much overhead. is MPG or WMV better ?
http://guru.multimedia.cx/category/container-formats/
smaller AVI index ? only index every nth frame or an index every 1 second ?
reflect state in tooltip ?
add a watermark or logo ? optionally of course.
color reduction for GDI. reduce to a smaller number of colors ? for better compression?
Covert to full unicode and allow translations ?

AUDIO TASK:
Get audio from WaveIn (assumes loopback) ? (much easier)
Compress and write audio frames to the AVI file.
Hook Audio stream from output?
 Capture of audio is quite complex unless there is already a loopback in place on the hardware.
 Without a loopback input the output must be hooked at a very low (kernel) level.
 Hook audio output (Wave,DirectSound) device at kernel level

Does Windows Media Encoder record audio? How do others do it? hooked WaveOut ?
